                        ORACLE PROGRAM LICENSE TERMS

THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") BETWEEN YOU, THE END USER
("LICENSEE") AND ORACLE CORPORATION ("ORACLE").  BY CLICKING "I AGREE"
BELOW AND/OR LOADING THE ORACLE HELP FOR JAVA PROGRAM ("PROGRAM") MEANS
LICENSEE ACCEPTS THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  IF LICENSEE DOES NOT ACCEPT
THESE TERMS, LICENSEE SHOULD CLICK "I DISAGREE" BELOW AND LICENSEE SHALL
HAVE NO LICENSE TO USE THE PROGRAM.


1. License.  Oracle grants to Licensee a personal, non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the Program only: (i) to provide an online
help system for Licensee’s use with Licensee’s applications, and in accord
with the terms set forth in this Agreement, and (ii) to distribute the
Program as part of Licensee’s own products, provided that the Program is
only used as an online help system with Licensee’s applications.

Licensee shall not:

a) transfer, sell, assign or otherwise convey the license for the Program
to another party without Oracle’s prior written consent;

b) cause or permit reverse engineering, disassembly, or decompilation of
the Program;

c) disclose results of any benchmark tests of any Program to any third
party without Oracle’s prior written approval; or

d) use or distribute any individual component of the Program for any other
purpose except as set forth in the preceding paragraph.


The Program is the proprietary product of Oracle or its licensors and is
protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.  Licensee
acquires only the right to use and distribute the Program and does not
acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Program other than those
specified in this Agreement.  Oracle, or its licensors, shall at all times
retain all rights, title, interest, including intellectual property rights,
in the Program.

Failure to comply with the above restrictions may result in termination of
this license and will not limit Oracle from pursuing other remedies
available to it, including injunctive relief.


2. No Warranty.  Oracle does not warrant that: (a) the Program will
meet Licensee’s requirements, (b) the Program will operate in combinations
Licensee may select for use, or (c) operations of the Program will be
uninterrupted or error-free.  The Program is provided "as is" without
warranty of any kind, and Oracle expressly disclaims all express or implied
warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.


3. Limitation of Liability.  ORACLE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR
DATA USE, INCURRED BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN ACTION IN
CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF ORACLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.


4. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.  This Agreement, and all matters
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be governed by the laws
of the State of California. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement shall be instituted in a state or federal court in San Francisco
or San Mateo County, California. Oracle and Licensee agree to submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts
in any such legal action or proceeding.


5. Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement will
remain in full force.


6. Export Administration. Licensee agrees to comply fully with all
relevant export laws and regulations of the United States ("Export Laws")
to assure that the Program is (1) exported, directly or indirectly, in
violation of Export Laws; or (2) are intended to be used for any purposes
prohibited by the Export Laws, including, without limitation, nuclear,
chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.


7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement
between Licensee and Oracle with reference to this transaction and shall
supersede any other prior or contemporaneous agreements or representations,
written or oral, concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.  Any
additions or modifications must be made in a subsequent, written agreement
signed by both parties.


YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  IF YOU AGREE, PLEASE CLICK THE
"AGREE" BUTTON BELOW.  IF YOU DO NOT, PRESS THE "DISAGREE" BUTTON AND YOU
WILL HAVE NO LICENSE TO USE THE PROGRAM.


Java is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
